# Day 1, august 5th 2023

Wrote first draft of requirements/specification. Trying to get IO and
hash table working. Tested basic functionality like insertion, true/
false "contains" check, printing contents. Test frame will need 
cleanup. Resizing needs to be implemented.

Found this regex to use for syllable counting by Matt Ke on Stack 
Overflow.

/([aeiouyAEIOUY]+[^e.\s])|([aiouyAEIOUY]+\b)|(\b[^aeiouy0-9.']+e\b)/mg

# Day 2, August 6th 2023

Further work on the hash table. Resize working great after switching 
from flexible array member to double pointer. Successfully loaded the
Dale list of "769" (actually, close to 1500) easy words into a hash
table using a regex to recognize where a word starts and ends. The 
regular expression was definitely overkill for a file where words are
separated by newlines without even hypens. isalpha() would have been
enough, but I wanted to test this regex too. It will be used to pull
words from lines of text given by the user.

Lorge's description of the Readability Index seems to call for a set.

	" Since the count is the number of differ-
	ent hard words, each hard word is
	counted only once. For instance, if in
	the passage 'reliability' occurred three
	times, it still would be counted only
	once. "

This makes me think of a set, but I could probably just modify the 
hash table to have a parameter that forces entries to be unique, 
rejecting strings that are already contained.

# Day 3, August 7th 2023

Successfully loading the Dale list into a hash table in `main.c`. It
seems that regex isn't the right solution for counting words and 
sentences. I should do it with simple char checking and counting.

Created the "io" module on this day.

# Day 4, August 9th 2023

Successfully counting words, sentences, easy words, and prepositions
in the test text file! Worked out some simple problems I had with
putting words in an array.

# Day 5, August 12th 2023

Got the text analysis in main.c to evaluate line by line rather than
trying to load the whole file into dynamic memory which wasn't 
working. I have been thinking about it for a few days though, and 
am thinking I needed to discard the Lorge formula completely. It's a
waste of time! Dale-Chall is much more computer friendly, and it's
what wordcounter uses anyways!

# Day 6, August 13th 2023

Finally figured out why the Dale Chall scores were giving 0. The ints
needed to be converted to doubles before being divided. Duh. Changed
the design doc to reflect the decision to use Dale Chall only.